# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

When developing code, my way of writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is to split the functionality of the code into smaller groups.  Due to the course and how it was set up, this method was already started for me as instead of tackling all four methods of the CRUD Python Module (Create, Read, Update, Delete), 
this work was split into 2 parts.  The first part involved creating the create and read methods, and  the second part saw the  creation of the update and delete functionality.  Amid creating each method, I would add comments to explain what that part of the code was doing so that it is easier to read and come back to after some time.

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

When approaching a problem, I think the best part to solving it is to first re-create it.  Re-creating the problem at hand allows you to understand what is happening before and after the problem occurs to get a better understanding as to what part of the code is causing the issue. My approach to this assignment versus other assignments in other courses involved more background information to go over to understand how each stage of the development stack worked together to create the final project.  I believe the approach of creating the database first and getting it set up and formatted to 
what was requested is the best as this allows you to adapt future code in the middleware to this format.  Once the middleware code was started, continuous testing of the features being added (CRUD Python Module) is a must to make sure that each addition to it does not introduce major errors in code that could have
been prevented much earlier.  The same method of testing should also be applied when creating the front end when attaching each part of the CRUD module to different parts of the interface ensuring that the correct data is being passed and sent back via the CRUD module.  

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

I believe a computer scientists main job is to gain knowledge of an ongoing problem, whether it be a need for software to perform a certain task, or an upgrade that provides better features and sustainability in systems, develop a plan on how to address said issue and split the solution into multiple bite-sized chunks, 
and create/develop software that solves/fulfills said problem.  The work on this type of project could help a company as it better organizes information that allows them quick and easy access to it via a user-friendly web-based interface, giving them the option to filter the animals based on their desired needs.
  Further functionality will also allow system admins the ability to create new animals into the system, update animals as more information is available, and delete animals for any reason.  
